Come in please.
Drinking a glass of milk helps with sleep
Thank you ma'am
miss
Actually I
madam
Is there anything else?
I can help you if it's nothing
Go back and rest early.
I'm still going to draw the blueprints
I can teach you.
Is he getting old and confused?
Think of me as falling snow love
But that's fine
I can take the opportunity to enter the Roselle Group to implement the plan
I think you're talented
I don't want your talent to be buried
I want to go back to Roselle Group
Joining Roselle Group is my dream
How about me?
He has trained me well for more than ten years
Well, Xueqin is recovering in the hospital
Then I'll put you in the Los Angeles Group
Temporarily replace the director of the design department
Did you default?
You see
It's actually softer here.